Add 0.1.0rc3 changelog (#862)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Megatron-Bridge: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## NVIDIA Megatron-Bridge 0.1.0rc3

* Model Collection Support
  * Llama
  * Qwen 2, Qwen 3, Qwen 3 MoE
  * DeepSeek
  * Mamba

> * [Migration guide from NeMo 2 to Megatron-Bridge](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/latest/nemo2-migration-guide.html)
> * [Contribution guide for adding a new model](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/latest/adding-new-models.html)
> * [Checkpoint conversion from Hugging Face to Megatron](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Megatron-Bridge/tree/main/src/megatron/bridge/models/conversion)
> * [Performance](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/latest/performance-summary.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Migration guide from NeMo 2 to Megatron-Bridge](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/0.1.0/nemo2-migration-guide.html)
* [Contribution guide for adding a new model](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/0.1.0/adding-new-models.html)
* [Checkpoint conversion from Hugging Face to Megatron](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Megatron-Bridge/tree/main/src/megatron/bridge/models/conversion)
* [Performance](https://docs.nvidia.com/nemo/megatron-bridge/0.1.0/performance-summary.html)
```

# Changelog

## NVIDIA Megatron-Bridge 0.1.0rc3

* Model Collection Support
  * Llama

>   * Qwen-3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Qwen 2, Qwen 3, Qwen 3 MoE
```
